Now we're going to sidestep a little bit, notice that the motion diagram, it looks a little bit different
now.
Notice that we actually do have our velocity over here over time.
And now we actually do have our velocity changing.
Before our velocity was just constant.
It just moved horizontally.
Now we actually do have it changing.
OK, so we're just going to do the same thing that we did before.
We're going to find the slope of this velocity over time graph.
And where does it go from there?
All right.
So we have these numbers should make sense considering what we've learned in the past.
And so this is equal to six over one.
In our units, it's meters per second per second.
So meters per second, per second.
And usually I do right, the SCC.
OK, so what is this actually telling us here?
What is what are these units actually mean?
So this is basically saying for every second the objects of velocity changes by six meters per second.
OK, so this is saying once again, let me just reread this for every once in the objects and velocity
changes by six meters per second.
What this is basically describing to us is actually an acceleration.
An acceleration is a change in velocity.
Over a certain amount of time.
Now, let me ask you this, when you are in the car with somebody and you're you're thinking to yourself,
I know what, this person's going a little too slow, he needs to speed up.
How do you actually go about saying that?
You basically say to them, hey, you need to accelerate.
And basically what you're saying is you need to change your velocity.
You need to go faster in a quick amount of time.
And that's basically what you're saying, hey, an acceleration, you need to accelerate or you can
actually say to yourself, hey, Noah, I think that my friend's going a little too, too fast right
now, considering the speed limit and they need to slow down.
How do you go about saying that?
Oh, you need to decelerate.
You need to go slower.
And that's what you're doing.
You're changing your velocity over a certain amount of time.
Now, once again, I'm actually just going to do right now is looking at this.
I'm just going to rewrite this.
So what is this eight represent?
Oh, that is our final velocity.
What is it to represent?
Oh, that's our initial velocity.
Divided by once again, I'm just going to write here instead of final time, this initial time, I'm
just going to represent that using R Delta T and this is our formula for acceleration.